Psalm 25 a psalm of David to you O Lord
I lift up my soul o my god
I trust in you let me not be ashamed let
not my enemies triumph over me
indeed let no one who waits on you be
ashamed let those be ashamed who deal
treacherously without cause show me your
ways o Lord teach me your paths lead me
in your truth and teach me for you are
the God of my salvation on you I wait
all the day remember old Lord your
tender mercies and your loving-kindness
ISM for they are from of old do not
remember the sins of my youth nor my
transgressions according to your mercy
remember me for your goodness sake o
Lord
good and upright is the Lord therefore
he teaches sinners in the way the humble
he guides injustice and the humble he
teaches his way all the paths of the
Lord on mercy and truth to such as keep
his covenant and his testimonies for
your name's sake o Lord pardon my
iniquity for it is great who is the man
that fears the Lord him shall he teach
in the way he chooses he himself shall
dwell in prosperity and his descendants
shall inherit the earth
the secret of the Lord is with those who
fear him and he will show them his
covenant my eyes are ever toward the
Lord for he shall pluck my feet out of
the net turn yourself to me and have
mercy on me for I'm desolate and
afflicted the troubles of my heart have
enlarged bring me out of my de-stresses
look on my affliction and my pain and
forgive all my sins consider my enemies
for they are many and they hate me with
cruel hatred keep my soul and deliver me
let me not be ashamed for I put my trust
in you
let integrity and uprightness preserve
me for I wait for you redeem Israel oh
God
out of all their troubles
[Music]